## Reflection on your Cyber Roadmap 

After graduating, I plan on transferring to a four-year college. My reason behind this is that I want to continue the momentum that I currently have, and I also enjoy the passive learning that I can do while working a full-time job and attending college. This keeps me sharp and updated on what is going on in the industry, and I am constantly improving my skills. 

My current strengths are that I have experience in the IT field from my current position. My technical skills have been sharpened over a three-year period. I currently work as an IT Service Desk Lead, so I deal with a lot of troubleshooting and solving technical issues. End user support and providing excellent customer service are also some of my strengths. 

The area I need improvement in is getting more hands-on experience dealing with cyber security related issues. During my time at BCC so far, I have learned a lot of knowledge and have done a lot of hands-on labs for my cyber security courses thus far. I am still craving that real-world hands-on experience. 

The CSN 190 research project will help me address my gaps by taking me down a path that forces me to dive deeper into the cyber security industry and read about things that I may not have found on my own. I am looking forward to this journey and learning more things that I can add to my skillset and eventually land a cyber security job. 

This is my last semester at BCC, and I plan to set up a home lab and do experiments on my own time. I think this will improve my career readiness by giving me hands on experience with some of the cyber security tools that are used in the industry. 
